sam in rome for the press conference of
launch presentation of the congress
national yacht association
Italian thoracic oncology yes
will open tomorrow in Naples
the congress has as its theme
immunotherapy, cancer, the field in
this case the lung tumor one
of the big killers a tumor for which
until very recently the answers
therapeutic treatments were very limited and for
which now truly opens one
new care perspective thanks
to immunotherapy we talk about it with the
Dr. Cesare Gridelli President of the
yacht and director of the department of
onco hematology at the company
hospital of avellino
then doctor see I told him
generically immuno cancer therapy
but what are these drugs and
especially how they work
today they get up understand so many things up
for for decades already about 50 years it is
proven
immunotherapy in the treatment of tumors but
in reality, little had been understood
understood little because one only tries to
stimulate the immune system
of the organism however in reality it was not
understood that the tumor put gods
defense mechanisms that went to
block to inactivate the system
immune
so today they are new drugs
we are inhibitors of the check point ie of
an important hub that they are
drugs mainly anti pd uno
of the ancient pdl one that in reality
they only go monoclonal antibody which
they go to block
actually some receptors present
on cancer cells that have their own
the task of going to inactivate the
lymphocytes and therefore the answer
body immune system
these drugs already have names they are
al nivolo but villepin bronze but have
others known for now only as
of the abbreviations the first one is already even
been approved in america already had
the preliminary okay in europe here is that
prospects of care open up in the tumor
of the lung which are the advantages that
they can take a lot
important to date are already a standard
There is a second line of treatment
crazy who made one
chemotherapy that they had a
success with so-called chemotherapy
to the first-line treatment in second
line the nivolo but becomes a standard
both for the scaly and the non
scaly make that already tried at
moment in the united states and knowing how to be
approved in Europe and is a common use
just in the united states right there then
in second line of treatment in place
of chemotherapy
here they are press conference, let's say
emphasized important difference between
traditional chemotherapy
immunotherapy especially as far as
then it concerns the parameters with which these
drugs through which these
drugs are judged and that is the
median survival because there is this
difference normally we are used to
to evaluate also knows that suffering
median of the entire population of the
patients is already even in this respect
to chemotherapy in studies
registrations that have demonstrated the
superiority over chemo by
second line with docetaxel taxotere
in flight but has shown an advantage
net of a 3-month suffering increase
median compared to the end but what
it is important to see instead
these so-called cases of
chronic disease that is,
patients living in two years to three years
normally with chemotherapy i
patients have a survival in
second line of 8 9 months ten months e
instead with these muds it begins to
see from the first data even from the phase
1 enlarged over a few hundred
patients with volumes in patients
heavily pre processed about 20
percent are alive at three years then
this is important however for the
production of these children is not
answer when the ball pfs progression
free survival the median
the percentage of patients living at 2 to 3
years went very important
taking into account that we are not talking a
patient we say yes standard but of
patients in the most severe phases when
now the prospects were before
really very limited and so we talk
always of patients tax me in phase
largely advanced smoking patients
this is another feature of
benefit of however they are made in
smoking patients because it is good
who seeks the last few years with
lengthening by setting the solvency
with molecular target drugs
lurking in a small group of
patients about 15 percent
predominantly non-smoking
oral drugs small molecules
while instead these makes me
demonstrating the benefit just one
therefore most patients
let's talk about
finally to 80 85 percent of the
population and you think I understand
that there is also the big difference in
terms of tolerability between chemo and
these immunotherapeutic drugs figure
better and the comparison studies the
Immunotherapy was clearly better
tolerated than doce tax to
second-line chemo therapy
there are however some toxicities that
they must be identified immediately with experience
and those generally treated by difficult nick
steroids with good results of
resolution but is a small leh keen
percentage of cases linked to the system
I always do the inter.it e
or there and the hypophysis as a case of
pneumonia but we want to mess in
low around one percent then
really the restraining to recommend
very well tolerated without the professor
congress is called reality and hopes e
I wish we started with congress
I would like to finish with the congress which is the
reality today what are the hopes
I imagine for the future linked to these
This and keep drugs in Naples is a
international congress are the most
world leading experts in immunotherapy
and then on all immunotherapy
in the field of lung cancer
actually they are the ones we have already seen
that actually the nivolo a hub is a
standard frozen drug in ds
second line of invasive treatments
and we advanced with a small casone
cells that are progressing with the
chimera for hopes are to bring
these drugs are on the front line
use them instead of chemotherapy
as a first treatment and I already have this
there are more studies in progress than
expect the result is here we are
also participating in the other large one
hope is always bring these fans there
an earlier stage of illness but this
it is also here that the parties have also started
studies after surgery that
unfortunately in lung cancer of the
most patients relapse e
instead there are practically these
studies where after surgery comes
then performed at immunotherapy
in the hope that then these benefits
they bring in this case in the
concreteness of healing